Introduce Big Integers Library (#326)
FuelLabs/sway-libs: docs/book/src/bigint/index.md

# Big Integers Library

<!--Include BigInt when BigInt is available-->

> The Big Integers library provides a library to use extremely large numbers in Sway. It has 1 distinct types: `BigUint`. These types are heap allocated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Big Integers library provides a library to use extremely large numbers in Sway. It has 1 distinct type: `BigUint`. This type is heap allocated.
```

Author: This is done in preparation for `BigInt`

```sway
{{#include ../../../../examples/big_integers/src/main.sw:import}}
```

In order to use any of the Big Integer types, import them into your Sway project like so:

```sway
{{#include ../../../../examples/big_integers/src/main.sw:import_big_uint}}
```

## Basic Functionality

<!--Uncomment when BigInt is available-->
<!--All the functionality is demonstrated with the `BigUint` type, but all of the same functionality is available for the other types as well.-->

### Minimum and Maximum Values

For the `BigUint` type, the minimum value is zero. There is no maximum value and the `BigUint` will grow to accommodate as large of a number as needed.

### Instantiating a Big Integer

#### Zero value

Once imported, a `Big Integer` type can be instantiated defining a new variable and calling the `new` function.

```sway
{{#include ../../../../examples/big_integers/src/main.sw:initialize}}
```

this newly initialized variable represents the value of `0`.

The `new` function is functionally equivalent to the `zero` function.

```sway
{{#include ../../../../examples/big_integers/src/main.sw:zero}}
```

> <!--#### Positive and Negative Values

Reviewer: Can this be removed or is the intention to add this in this PR?

Author: This is left in preparation of the `BigInt` type

As the signed variants can only represent half as high a number as the unsigned variants (but with either a positive or negative sign), the `try_from` and `neg_try_from` functions will only work with half of the maximum value of the unsigned variant.

You can use the `try_from` function to create a new positive `Big Integer` from a its unsigned variant.

```sway
{{#include ../../../../examples/big_integers/src/main.sw:positive_conversion}}
```

You can use the `neg_try_from` function to create a new negative `Big Integer` from a its unsigned variant.

```sway
{{#include ../../../../examples/big_integers/src/main.sw:negative_conversion}}
```
-->

### Basic Mathematical Functions

Basic arithmetic operations are working as usual.

```sway
{{#include ../../../../examples/big_integers/src/main.sw:mathematical_ops}}
```

#### Checking if a Big Integer is Zero

The library also provides a helper function to easily check if a `Big Integer` is zero.

```sway
{{#include ../../../../examples/big_integers/src/main.sw:is_zero}}
```

### Type Conversions

> The Big Integers Library offers a number of different conversion between mathematical type. These include the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Big Integers Library offers a number of different conversions between mathematical types. These include the following:
```
